{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red58\green105\blue192;\red108\green108\blue108;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww7140\viewh9400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs42 \cf0 RTS - Fantasy Village\

\fs38 Documentation 
\f0\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs32 \cf2 Thank you for buying RTS - Fantasy Village! 
\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs32 \cf0 A short description about the pack and what it contains: 
\f0\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs32 \cf0 - Over 200 Prefabs that can be used in a variety of RTS and RPG games. 
\f0\fs24 \

\f1\fs32 - Hand painted, atlas textures for optimization and performance. \cf3 (7 diffuse atlases total, plus another 4 emissive atlases) 
\f0\fs24 \cf0 \

\f1\fs32 - Particle Systems for that artsy extra touch for your levels. \cf3 (6 different Particle Systems)\uc0\u8232 \cf0 - Animations for specific structures that require them. \cf3 (Wind Mill, Smelter, Refinery) 
\f0\fs24 \cf0 \

\f1\fs32 - The majority of the models are made to snap to the Unity grid system, for easy in-scene placement. 
\f0\fs24 \

\f1\fs32 - Tile-able terrain textures and grass & flowers textures, plus particle textures \cf3 (16 textures total, 8 for the ground, 4 for particles, 4 for vegetation) 
\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs32 \cf0 The Prefabs are categorized as follows: 
\f0\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs32 \cf0 - 
\b Buildings
\b0 : This is where you find a large collection of buildings with which you can build a complete village in a short amount of time.\uc0\u8232 Some structures have 3 different levels, from simple to advanced, perfect for Building Simulators where there is a need to level up structures as the 
\f0\fs24 \

\f1\fs32 game progresses. The buildings range from military to industrial, to civilian. 
\f0\fs24 \

\f1\fs32 - 
\b Props
\b0 : A large collection of props, to bring life to your levels. At around 100 individual props, you can find any and everything you might need for building an immersive and complete experience. 
\f0\fs24 \

\f1\fs32 - 
\b Rocks
\b0 : From the smallest pebbles, to large, house-like sized cliffs, in this folder you will find a complete collection of rocks to achieve a natural look and feel for your landscape. 
\f0\fs24 \

\f1\fs32 Regarding the 
\b flags
\b0 , if you insert values 
\b (0, 0.33, 0.66) 
\b0 in the offset box in the material editor, you can edit their appearance, thus creating 
\b 9 
\b0 different possible factions for your game. 
\f0\fs24 \

\f1\fs32 - 
\b Trees: 
\b0 A large collection of trees, from green and amber-leafed oak trees, to green and purple pine trees. Also included are dead trees and stumps. 
\f0\fs24 \

\f1\fs32 - 
\b Vegetation: 
\b0 Here you will find a large selection of vegetation props. Starting with bushes and mushrooms, all the way to garden props and farming vegetables and fruits. 
\f0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs32 \cf0 Demo Scenes included: 
\f0\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs32 \cf0 There are 
\b 5
\b0  demo scenes included in this package, where you can draw inspiration from our vision. 
\f0\fs24 \

\f1\fs32 An additional scene where you can easily see 
\b All Prefabs 
\b0 in one place. 
\f0\fs24 \

\f1\fs32 Four 
\b Demo Scenes
\b0 , 2 with 
\b daylight 
\b0 settings, another 2 with 
\b night time 
\b0 settings. By default, some prefabs have 
\b lights included
\b0 , so in order for the daylight demo scene to look properly, please disable the lights in some buildings and the streetlight props. The materials have an 
\b emissive 
\b0 texture added to them, so be sure to set the emission value to 0 when in the 
\b daylight 
\b0 scene. 
\f0\fs24 \

\f1\fs32 Also, please note that the baking option is set to 
\b auto
\b0 , so when first opening the demo scenes, please be patient for a few minutes, in order to complete the baking process. 
\f0\fs24 \

\f1\fs32 If you have suggestions, or you run in some trouble, don't hesitate to contact us.}